replace shareware link with archive.org link (#4677)
diasurgical/devilutionX: README.md

# How to Install

> Note: You'll need access to the data from the original game. If you don't have an original CD then you can [buy Diablo from GoG.com](https://www.gog.com/game/diablo). Alternately you can use `spawn.mpq` from the [shareware](https://web.archive.org/web/20220303234203/http://ftp.blizzard.com/pub/demos/diablosw.exe) version, in place of `DIABDAT.MPQ`, to play the shareware portion of the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You'll need access to the data from the original game. If you don't have an original CD then you can [buy Diablo from GoG.com](https://www.gog.com/game/diablo). Alternately you can use `spawn.mpq` from the [shareware](https://github.com/diasurgical/devilutionx-assets/releases/download/v2/spawn.mpq)[2](http://ftp.blizzard.com/pub/demos/diablosw.exe) version, in place of `DIABDAT.MPQ`, to play the shareware portion of the game.
```
